update Private Cluster page content (#3266)
bacalhau-project/bacalhau: docs/docs/setting-up/networking-instructions/private-cluster.md

To connect another node to this private one, run the following command in your shell:

```
bacalhau serve \
--private-internal-ipfs \
--peer /ip4/<ip-address>/tcp/1235/p2p/<peer-id> \
--ipfs-swarm-addr /ip4/<ip-address>/tcp/<port>/p2p/<peer-id>
```

:::tip

> The exact command arguments will be different on each computer and is outputted by the `bacalhau serve --node-type requester ...` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact command arguments will be different on each computer and is output by the `bacalhau serve --node-type requester ...` command
```
I realise outputted was there before but it's the wrong tense.

Author: fixed

:::

The command `bacalhau serve --private-internal-ipfs --peer ...` starts up a compute node and adds it to the cluster.

## Submitting Jobs

> To use this cluster from the client, run the following commands in your shell, setting following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this cluster from the client, run the following commands in your shell, setting the following environment variables:
```

Author: fixed

```

:::tip

> The exact command arguments will be different on each computer and is outputted by the `bacalhau serve --node-type requester ...` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact command arguments will be different on each computer and is output by the `bacalhau serve --node-type requester ...` command
```

Author: fixed

:::

> The command `export BACALHAU_IPFS_SWARM_ADDRESSES=...` sets environment variable, which overrides default ipfs swarm address, allowing to send jobs into the cluster from the command line client. You can also use `bacalhau config set` with a `node.ipfs.swarmaddresses` parameter to change the ipfs swarm address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `export BACALHAU_IPFS_SWARM_ADDRESSES=...` sets an environment variable which overrides the default ipfs swarm address, allowing the command line client to interact with the cluster. You can also use `bacalhau config set` with a `node.ipfs.swarmaddresses` parameter to change the ipfs swarm address:
```

Author: fixed
